add information about a-synchronic labeling to documentation (#967)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/lab/oracle.rst

While you review the documents, the software continuously improves its
understanding of your decisions, constantly updating the underlying model.

> More specifically, each labeling decision of the user triggers a new model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, each labeling decision of the user starts the training of a new model given there is no model being trained at that time.
```

> When this new model is done training, the unseen records' rank order is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this new model is trained, the unseen records' rank order is
```

updated. Training and labeling occur a-synchronic. With fast models, a new

> model will probably be ready before the user is done reading the text. With

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ranking will probably be available before the user finished reading the text. With
```

> slower models, training continues until a new model is done, and the user can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slower models, training continues until a new model is trained, and the user can
```

continue screening the next record in line (2nd, 3rd, etc.). Therefore, the
record shown to the user can be the one with the highest relevance score of

> the new model or the highest-ranked as resulted from the old model until a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the second last model or the highest-ranked as resulted from the latest model until a new
```

The other way around?

> model is done. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model is trained. 
```

> model is done. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model is trained. 
```
